1. B) Neural Networks
2. C) Fraud Detection
3. C) i – v – iv – iii – ii
4. A) Recurrent Neural Network
5. A) input pattern keeps on changing
6. C) dynamic inputs & categorization can’t be handled
7. B) Statement 2 is true while statement 1 is false
8. A) Recurrent Neural network

9. A) Learning Rate is low
   C) Regularisation parameter is low
   D) Stuck at local minima

10. B) Rectified Linear Unit
    D) Sigmoid Function

11. What is Deep Learning?
Answer: Deep learning is a subset of machine learning in artificial intelligence that has networks capable of learning unsupervised from data that is unstructured or unlabeled. 
        Also known as deep neural learning or deep neural network.
12. What is reinforcement learning?
Answer:Reinforcement learning is an area of Machine Learning. 
       It is about taking suitable action to maximize reward in a particular situation. 
       It is employed by various software and machines to find the best possible behavior or path it should take in a specific situation. 
       Reinforcement learning differs from the supervised learning in a way that in supervised learning the training data has the answer key with it so the model is trained with the correct answer itself whereas in reinforcement learning,
       there is no answer but the reinforcement agent decides what to do to perform the given task. In the absence of a training dataset, it is bound to learn from its experience.

13. What Are the Differences Between Machine Learning and Deep Learning?
Answer:  Machine learning uses algorithms to parse data, learn from that data, and make informed decisions based on what it has learned. 
         Deep learning structures algorithms in layers to create an "artificial neural network” that can learn and make intelligent decisions on its own.

14. What is a perceptron?
Answer: In machine learning, the perceptron is an algorithm for supervised learning of binary classifiers. A binary classifier is a function which can decide whether or not an input, represented by a vector of numbers, belongs to some specific class.It is a type of linear classifier, i.e. a classification algorithm that makes its predictions based on a linear predictor function combining a set of weights with the feature vector.
        A perceptron is a neural network unit (an artificial neuron) that does certain computations to detect features or business intelligence in the input data.

15. What’s the difference between AI and ML?
Answer: AI is a bigger concept to create intelligent machines that can simulate human thinking capability and behavior.
        whereas, machine learning is an application or subset of AI that allows machines to learn from data without being programmed explicitly.
        